t
we are welcome to another new mission
of Creole horses today to share
with all of you dear friends
our visit here to the cottage face to
face of the sieber family in the party
of almost the province of santa fe is not
move from there I recommend horses
criollos begins in this way
let's now enter a description
alca in the park of this lot of mares
and obviously also supporting a
foal that I really emphasized it to you
father a son of the bolichero is not not like that
that are really giving a lot of tab and
considered that it is so but let's go
for example in the mother's group that
they entered the face that is this rpt 114 by
good example doing 14 the winged face
face to give to that is the daughter of the symbol
national villero that simulation
novillero is the son of the fa with the
captive that the captive is wintering to
novillero with the calderita if badly
I remember and the mother the mare that is a
daughter of bichi man that with mother crag
it's a mare that we also have the
put chips because they also have
very good excellent blood mounted by
there is not as advanced as we would like
because his nation that was in Mendoza
in service with the pooch here
with the bolichero then we fell behind
a little but it's already that year and
you would have more advanced plot but it is
as to go out to compete the year that
comes I think it's going to come out is the end of
circuit of it as it would be now and the
that is to continue to fix it and see the
next year so it is or is
we do not have to say of filly
is is going to be for such a thing not with
the noise mamo we started to train and there
on the fly we see how many and
can not walk well for the corral this
another may be good for running
we want to get into the brake also of a
little bit or I always talk to him I saw
with my father we deal with a not me
you are always far away
and to fulfill the goals to fulfill already
long term not go crazy or say good
between months we have to be the same
has to be competing or is not
try and slow or quiet and
firm step that I can say of the 115
good to 115 it came to me it goes
preferred that is also the novillero
with the expensive face neither hold on to him
Arica the gypsy with a mare
with crime a mare also beautiful me
love and I love running what
it happens that it's more or less like the 114
he was two years three years in
service and it's also a came to 6
years ago and I started running now two
months and well we already executed one
run for 15 days just like walked
pretty good for being the debut to be
running with another came to new also
and well now let's keep running
here at home but I think we do
it's very interesting yes I think so
entering now into this father and stressed
that obviously mother is the son of
the 115 114 the 114 the 50 valley 114 with
the bolillero with vinegar witcher or good
He is also a stallion who will be 3 years old
in December
and we also have a lot of faith because either
it's very nice looking let's see how
continues to develop but I think it's going to
be a very interesting horse in the
morphological and functionally it would not have
how to fail everything can fail but I think
that is one it would be very possible that he passes away
slight horse characteristic that part of
good in its nice structure and everything and the
structure that you have is a horse that a
this age is one meter forty and
medium has 21 scania and has 175
ribs that is has a group
interesting to me I do not end up convincing
why a little bit the head but I think
that by the blood that it has is more than
interesting and I marked a cabin like you
I said it seems like a bit of time, we give Diego
service per year
I the bolichero we take out that we change
with nicotra four services that is
four services I get that foal or
be it for us it is very important not
is that we gave 60 services to understand that is
we much to lung to the
Our selection is
about if nothing almost nothing surely
of course if we enter now in this in 349
the bulb was really a daughter of
the 115 good scenes came to 115
with the pooch here is also another
very interesting filly I love the
rump that has the mare eye I do not know anything
I do not know much about morphology but me
I really like the rump that has
Chicho be here and good for my taste
fails a little in the head in the
ear for me they are a little long but
also very interesting because we come back
to the same we clash I must have
89 females we are talking about a 10
percent of production in the
that you see me get a filly like this is
a good production I think more than
you have before with that comb also and with
that morphology I also see it entering
in a daily work topic of what
is the cabin like how you work today
here in the cabin good in the cabin
training we are Luis and I
we boot good we are practically
seven in the morning good now
we are starting a while before with
clean 7 in the morning to 7 in the afternoon
and we have Father Luis Pablo Dure who
it does not make us the beds and it feeds and
Well, we trained him all day
has just finished training the
training depends on training
that the animal needs there are animals that
we are training double shift there
animals that we train only once
a day and good and then depends if it is
to run or for the part are the
exercises or bumping or not butt hoop go to
work the field run goes to the box
Well, we have other demands too
and we also throw them with the work of
our livestock with the wolf end
continually that set aside animals
fat vaccinate and good while we're
working we also do a little bit
the horses to the field but if we would have
to give this opening let's say for the
public that wants to come to know them and
it really says good we are interested
in coming here to the cabin the cottage
also offers the service of the
stallions that have
yes for now we do not have something armed but
that is, we still do not have anything armed
but the idea is to build something out there
when queries arise a little bit
something we can go arming but yes yes or
let's say you have an animal disposition
it's fine is also 66 and
continuously yes yes yes yes there is always and
castrated fillies and good services
also available yes yes yes
continuously there is if a question I'm going
that he had armed with the service issue
we do not have anything armed but with the
idea in the future or is going arming
also that alternative